docs: docs for prism anoncreds method support (#183)
hyperledger/identus-docs: documentation/docs/concepts/glossary.md

### DID subject
The entity is identified by a [DID](#decentralized-identifer-(did)) and described by a [DID documents](#did-document). Anything can be a DID subject: person, group, organization, physical thing, digital thing, etc.

### DID Url

> A DID itself is a type of a URL, while `did` is a registered schema type, like `http` and `https`. In identus system, we refer DID urls to a DID that includes path and query paramteres and can resolve a resource via one of the service endpoints in the DID document. for example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DID itself is a type of a URL, while `did` is a registered schema type, like `http` and `https`. With Identus, we refer DID URLs to a DID that includes path and query parameters and can resolve a resource via one of the service endpoints in the DID document. For example: 
```
